Ahhh oops
Ahhh
Uh-huh.
Stop it!
Saving people quickly is saving people, right?
Ah!
How did that happen?
Who are you?
Somebody catch him for me
Royal Qinchuan is here
Who dares to move
Help us!
Please save us
Help! We don't want to go home!
What? Why burn them?
Where did the yellow-haired girl come from?
How dare you pretend to be Qingchai
I know all the famous royal relatives in the capital
A mere county official
Who do you know? Does the government know?
The Duke of the Kingdom is a distant relative of three generations of the royal family
It is also the maternal grandfather scrutinized by the recently famous favorite concubine next to the emperor
My brother is the butler of the Duke's Mansion
Comparable to Wupin provincial official
What about the government office?
The goods are dumped.
Haha, come on.
Tie them up for me